every motorcyclist knows that
communicating while riding can be a
hassle when a thumping engine wind and
road noise and a blasting sound system
given away turns get missed rest stops
get past and great roadside scenery gets
overlooked and that's just at low back
road speeds with a windshield and half
helmets at highway speeds or when
wearing helmets or listening to music
through Craig speakers or any
combination of these factors the
communication challenge moves to a whole
new level add more bikes and the
frustration multiplies up
now we were first to go
in the past only ultra classic electra
glide owners with factory-installed
intercom and bike to bike communication
systems were exempt from these
challenges Street Glide road glide and
electra glide classic owners were out of
luck until now
if you can plug in a cord and push a few
buttons you're ready for an entirely new
way to ride harley davidsons new boom
audio communication system makes rider
to passenger and bike to bike
conversations a super simple process
first-year dealer installs the required
modules and wiring harness in your
advanced audio radio then just plug in
your boom audio communication headsets
adjust your volume and hit the road
check this out boom audio communications
kits feature variety of options to match
your writing preferences so now you and
your passenger can speak clearly to each
other with a push of a button you can
talk to other boom audio clip
motorcyclists too even if they're miles
away there's no need to raise your voice
just push the button and talk let it go
and listen even quiet voices come
through crystal clear thanks to the
adjustable boom microphone and noise
blocking windsock and you'll hear every
word because outside noises from wind
the road in your motor are greatly
reduced but you'll still be able to hear
surrounding traffic when you're not
talking the on ear stereo speakers are
providing an audio experience that you
never dreamed was possible on a
motorcycle if you thought the sound from
your harley-davidson stereo was great
before just wait until you hear it
coming through the headsets full or
three-quarter helmet models work the
same way only the headphones fit
seamlessly into the helmets inner lining
and the boom microphone attaches in
seconds to the helmets rim and this is
just the beginning it's time you visit
your harley-davidson dealer to see and
hear the wide range of boom audio
options available to perfectly match the
way you ride then plug in and discover
an entirely new way to experience the
road
you